# Of Cannibals - Montaigne
### Montaigne


### Discussion
1. How might the biographical details about Montaigne’s life in the second paragraph on page 2509 have helped to shape his attitudes toward the Native Americans from Brazil (“Antarctic France”) whom he describes in this essay? How would you guess that his attitudes toward the Brazilian “cannibals” would have compared to those of most Europeans of his time?
2. What sentences in this essay would you guess most directly summarize aspects of  Montaigne’s own personal view of the good life? How do his views of the good life in these passages compare with those of most people you know today? How would you guess Montaigne’s views in these sentences likely compared to the views of most Europeans in his time?
3. Summarize the main sources of Montaigne’s knowledge of the Native Americans from Brazil whom he describes in this essay. How reliable do you consider each of these sources? Review Montaigne’s account of the Brazilians’ answers to the question about what they “found most amazing” when they were brought to France (2522). Do you believe that Montaigne, by reproducing this exchange, wants European readers to reconsider any aspects of their own assumptions about the good society? Explain.  
4. What do the descriptions of the native Brazilian on pages 2516-17 imply about the native Brazilians’ views of the good society (excluding their views on religion, which we will leave for group 6)? How would their views of the good society likely have compared to those of Europeans Montaigne knew?
5. What do the descriptions of the native Brazilian on pages 2516-17 imply about the native  Brazilians’ views of the good life (excluding their views on religion, which we will leave for  group 6)? How would their views of the good life likely have compared to those of Europeans Montaigne knew?  
6. Briefly summarize the native Brazilians’ views on religion (2517-19) and how these views relate to their overall views of the good life. What role do priests play in the native Brazilians’ good society and how would that role compare to that of priest I Europe in Montaigne’s time? Does Montaigne seem to approve of the Brazilians’ treatment of priests? Explain.
7. Briefly summarize the native Brazilians’ views on war (2518-21) and its place in the good  life and the good society. What differences between attitudes toward war in Europe and in Brazil would have seemed most striking to Montaigne’s first readers? How does Montaigne account for the Brazilians’ practice of cannibalism and relate the practice to their views of the good life?